Day 13/README.md, before:

1. **Preprocessing**: Refers to data precessing, is a set of steps that acheived by making changes on existing data such as cleaning data, resize data, adding new data. This process help ML models learn better. 

2. **Scale the values or feature scaling or normalization/standardization**: It's a crucial data pre-processing step in machine learning (ML) that involves transforming your input features (columns) into a specific range, often -1 to 1 but also including 0 to 1.

3. **Train test split or cross validation**: While training ML model, usually we don't utilize all available data. Rather we preserve some data for future analysis. For example, If we have to train a ML model for 1000 pictures, we will not give all the 1000 pictures to the model, rather we will provide it 900 pictures and rest of the 100 pictures will be used for evaluate how efficient our model is. 
The split happens in two divison:  
    **3.1)** Test dataset  
    **3.2)** Training dataset

4. Algorithm and Model selection
5. Deploy or MLOps

Commit message:

end-to-end machine learning model added

Day 13/README.md, after:

1. **Preprocessing**: Refers to data precessing, is a set of steps that acheived by making changes on existing data such as cleaning data, resize data, adding new data. This process help ML models learn better. 

2. **Scale the values or feature scaling or normalization/standardization**: It's a crucial data pre-processing step in machine learning (ML) that involves transforming your input features (columns) into a specific range, often -1 to 1 but also including 0 to 1.

3. **Train test split or cross validation**: While training ML model, usually we don't utilize all available data. Rather we preserve some data for future analysis. For example, If we have to train a ML model for 1000 pictures, we will not give all the 1000 pictures to the model, rather we will provide it 900 pictures and rest of the 100 pictures will be used for evaluate how efficient our model is. 
The split happens in two divison:  
    **3.1)** Test dataset  
    **3.2)** Training dataset

4. Algorithm and Model selection
5. Deploy or MLOps

### What is Plot decision boundary?

What kind of pattern the ML model has noticed during training.
